Don't consider config valid if API key is empty (#721)
appsignal/appsignal-elixir: .changesets/push-api-key-as-an-empty-string-is-not-considered-valid-anymore.md

---
bump: "patch"
---

> Push API key as an empty string is not considered valid anymore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Push API key config option value is an empty string, or a string with only whitespace characters, it is not considered valid anymore.
```
